Update Entities.md - How to undelete soft-deleted record (#5531)
aspnetboilerplate/aspnetboilerplate: doc/WebSite/Entities.md

In some cases, soft-delete entities may be requested to be permanently deleted. In those cases, **IRepository.HardDelete** extension method can be used. This method is currently implemented for EntityFramework 6.x and Entity Framework Core.

> If you wish to undelete a deleted entity, you can return the entity by [disabling the filter](Pages/Documents/Data-Filters#disable-filters) and then calling Abp.Domain.Entities.EntityExtensions.Undelete(entity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to undelete a soft-deleted entity, you can query the entity by [disabling SoftDelete filter](Pages/Documents/Data-Filters#disable-filters) then use **Abp.Domain.Entities.EntityExtensions.Undelete(entity)**.
```
